Add Puppet extraction as Headline Feature (#1877)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/3.0/1.2_release_notes.md

### Headline features

> #### Puppet ENC extracted to plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Puppet ENC functionality extracted to foreman_puppet plugin
```

> The Foreman without the plugin doesn't not include any Puppetclasses, Smart Variables and no way of assigning them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreman without the plugin no longer includes Puppet environments, config groups, Puppet classes and smart class parameters.
```

> It is still possible to assigning Environment, but only through Parameter `puppet_environment`, not in the Host form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is still possible to assign Puppet environment to a host using the `puppet_environment` parameter. This is also the case for setting Puppet server and Puppet CA server for provisioning, which can be defined using the `puppet_server` and `puppet_ca_server`. A rake task will be provided to allow automatically migrating these values to parameters for users who do not wish to continue using the plugin.
```

> For getting this funcionality Users can install `foreman_puppet` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this plugin is still installed in 3.0 both on fresh installs and upgrades, but will default to off in future releases.
```

> 

Reviewer: Add link to the discourse post for more information?

Reviewer: maybe also link https://community.theforeman.org/t/puppet-in-3-0-release/24429 ?
